Support `location_label` config in GCP Metrics Metricset (#41626)
elastic/beats: x-pack/metricbeat/module/gcp/metrics/_meta/docs.asciidoc

(`kubernetes` aka GKE for example).
This option allow to override the default and specify an arbitrary metric prefix.

> * *servicelabel*: This config option is to add the resource label( eg:"resource.label.location") for a 
>    GCP service to filter the data of the service. For a new service which is not supported by default 
>    by Elastic, this label can be set by the user. If not set, tje default servicelabel (resource.label.zone) 
>    will be chosen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *location_label*: Use this option to specify the resource label that identifies the location (such as zone or region) for a Google Cloud service when filtering metrics. For example, labels like `resource.labels.zone` or `resource.labels.region` are used by Google Cloud to represent the zone or region of a resource.
```

Author: We can go with location label. Lets finalize on the approach we want to take for existing services. Will update the description then

(`kubernetes` aka GKE for example).
This option allow to override the default and specify an arbitrary metric prefix.

> * *location_label*: Use this option to specify the resource label that identifies the location (such as zone or region) for a Google Cloud service when filtering metrics. For example, labels like `resource.label.location` or `resource.label.zone` are used by Google Cloud to represent the region or zone of a resource.

Reviewer 2: Specify if required or not .
Also provide available values that it can get

Reviewer 3: Sorry to re-open that, could you specify if it's required or not? If not required, what is the default value?
